hello everybody and welcome back to
pixelmon this is ghost wolf and this is
my 1000 subscribers special although
that was just two days ago that we hit
the mile mark and we're already up to
like twelve hundred and fifty I think it
last time of this recording subscribers
so it's amazing I'm glad all of you guys
enjoy the videos so much and I will
definitely want to keep making these to
make you guys have something enjoyable
to watch so for this special episode I'm
gonna be giving you guys some news on
the channel as well as showing you a
special Easter Egg that's inside of
pixelmon so I'll be fishing while I tell
you some news so the first big piece of
news beyond thanking all of you for
subscribing and for watching my videos
even if you don't subscribe the first
big piece of news is I've recently
joined the curse union for gamers
Network so what this means is I'm part
of a network now they actually handle
all of my copyright and licensing work
so I no longer have to obtain licenses
for each game that I play to post videos
about it on YouTube so pretty much what
this means for you is I can probably
devote more time now for making videos
posting videos so hopefully you guys
will see a bit of an increase in the
frequency of video posting I do still
work full time so I do this in my spare
time so I'm not gonna have tons and tons
of videos out but I'm gonna try to get
more of these out for you guys and it
also means you guys should be seeing
some better commercials on the videos
that I have Goldeen just kill us so some
of the commercials you used to probably
have we're like you know random cleaning
products and cars and stuff like that
should we also be seeing a lot of more
gaming related content a lot more stuff
related to movies sci-fi you know a lot
more things that would be more
interesting to you guys so hopefully
that's a little bit better for you and
so like I said they're gonna take care
of all of the getting rights and stuff
so Loki and I will be planning on
getting some
I want kill it sleep
playing on getting some new games up on
the channel we're thinking of doing a
vs. series where we take each other on
in variety of multiplayer games kind of
go head-to-head and just kind of have a
little bit more variety on the channel
we still will be doing as you are usual
pixelmon series look he actually just
recently started his own company as well
as bought his first house so he's been
absolutely swamped with all of that
which is why I've been doing a lot more
of the series with SPG as well as a lot
of content for the new update another
thing I have been working on he is
writing the code for Safari games so
update it to 1.6.2
so in the 1.6.2 update while you're
hopefully going to have some tournaments
like I mentioned in previous videos
hopefully I'll have it done the end of
this week and have a big one-hour
special with some of the pixelmon
developers this won't be actually the
official pixelmon staff tournament but
it'll just be whoever's on the pixelmon
chats at the time and there just be a
one big final wrap-up test to make sure
everything is working and so it'll be
probably an hour long or maybe a little
bit more in an hour-long episode so
expect a really big episode coming up
maybe this weekend or near the end of
the week and then I also will start
having a once I get that done we'll have
the staff tournament the youtubers
tournament so I do know little lizard
and tiny turtle are definitely going to
be part of the tournament as well as
craft battle duty and if you have any
other pixelmon youtubers that you would
like add it to the list if you want to
throw them down in the comments below
then I can start getting in contact with
them and get the whole roster lined up
we can have up to 32 people in a game of
Safari games so I mean we can have a lot
of people on and join us for some fun in
addition to that we're probably also
gonna have a regular series I'm not sure
exactly how frequent it's going to be
but little lizard tiny turtle and Craft
battle duty will be joining me for
challenging just other youtubers to
games of this probably on a weekly basis
I think is what we were thinking but
might be more frequent and so those will
be probably close to an hour long
episodes as well or maybe a couple
half-hour episodes just to make it a
little easier to render and upload well
we're figuring out the details on that
so that's something else to look forward
to
um so that's pretty much what you got
for news and updates
so everything's gonna continue as it is
and you'll probably see some more new
stuff as well oh I was also gonna have
another beta bloopers video coming out
sometime in the next week so there were
some other bloopers and some other funny
things that happen during the beta
testing phase and I didn't get to show
in the first video cuz we wanted just a
quick little short video to introduce
people to the mod variant into the
update and get you guys excited for it
so I'll have some videos of that from
other fun things that happen during the
beta up later this week alright so
easter egg that i promised you in the
video's description so this is an easter
egg is actually been part of some
pixelmon for quite a while but there
were some texture issues that made it
not as visible in previous updates so
you need any Magikarp and so this is a
normal Magikarp and if you light them on
fire and douse him then I believe that
should have been long enough yep and you
get a roasted and Magikarp so it stays
with this texture permanently you can
take it in and out of the pokeball and
it'll keep the texture it won't were
tame the roasted texture if you evolve
it into a Gyarados but this is kind of a
cool little thing you could have a level
100 roasted Magikarp and it's kind of a
nice little bonus Easter egg thing that
only works with magic harps and so you
can have something that distinguishes
your Magikarp a little bit from the rest
of the magikarps on a server and you can
do this with wild ones as well kind of a
little harder to push the man it's
easier to capture one and actually throw
it into the fire and so that's a little
easter egg there and so I will
definitely keep you guys up to date with
any other news any other pixelmon like
hidden secrets and interesting things
like that whenever we come across them
and I'll keep you updated with new
update news whenever those and when the
next update starts getting close to
rolling out um and so I think that's
pretty much it so once again thanks
again for having all of you guys
subscribe I'm hopefully going to keep
producing videos that you guys enjoy for
a long time to come and so I look
forward to many more subscribers and
hopefully many many more hours of
entertainment for you guys
alright thanks for watching and see you
next time